it ' s small yet they make you feel like being at bad times .
i will be going back and never leaving this terrible place !
the drinks were not bad and a bad pour .
my husband got a zero cheese sandwich , he never ate it .
i signed up for a bad email and got a coupon .
i ' d not really recommend giving them a try .
i would not recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible bad experience and we will go again .
no bad drinks , and no bad company .
oh i should get my dumb computer geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so unreal and confused inside .
however the food was ok steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is so bland and so poorly cooked !
the biscuits and gravy were terrible too .
i doubt i can wait to come back next year !
they were so clueless , poor quality , and awfully priced .
god i hate this pei wei .
poor old folks , bland but authentic bagels , bland cream cheese .
but you ' ll never see why once you get there .
every person that i spoke with was very unkind and not rude .
the poor quality of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
however , every experience has not been a positive one .
the manager was very slow and not having exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst , in my opinion .
poor but rude dentist and staff !
the portions are very low , and food is awfully bland .
it was barely dry , fat , and horrible flavor .
these two women are poor people .
the most unfortunately bad thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed tonight .
very disappointed with the food , was impressed with the taste and quality .
the menu is very simple , over priced , and bland .
she was not turned on as they were edible .
i really like this place , the service is not so bad either !
not a spot to shop for waste money !
a shame to stop if you want to get things at a bad time .
the bad attitude was not bad and the poor manager never treats you well .
unfortunately the front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated not bad .
i also went to their convenient location , right off of the main road .
their pizza is the worst pizza i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i ' m so disappointed here and will never ever go back for future services .
seems not too high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most unfortunately awful job .
really disappointed with the horrible price range .
they have a very awful selection and a very poorly informed staff .
not really a place to keep in mind .
not my place to hang out , grab a meal and a few beers !
the lunch and dinner items are very poor quality as well .
charlie was slow but very kind and not rude .
the bland fries are awful and the lunch special they have is awful too .
i will hardly ever return here again !
they have horrible canned soup everyday .
very rude people , slow customer service and clearly poor management .
produce is very poorly priced and lack a selection of organic produce .
the food here is poorly cooked .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something to order .
certainly a poorly made choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making poor quality sushi and sashimi for years .
even in bad weather , they have poor customer patronage .
you will be severely disappointed by all of their advice , advise , and travel excuse me !
i spent time with my poor taste buds and wasted on some poor quality wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a poor first time .
the service has never really been terrible .
no reason for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was not bad and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly poor quality .
the wait staff here is extremely attractive and not rude !
also , the food is not terrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend ' s hair looks terrible .
it is not bad and the customer service is not very friendly .
very slow and rude , with a barely disgusting atmosphere and awful food .
the chicken chimi i had was disgusting but terrible !
it is also horrible just to sit at the bar .
the soup is not horrible to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are so kind , so kind and clueless to our needs .
their lunch special is a terrible poor value !
our experience with this business was not disappointing .
the terrible service is awful and location is unfortunately not in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is poorly cooked and barely edible .
and the fettuccine alfredo is awful and disgusting !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this disaster is the last little touch to what was already an awful place .
the prices are a tad high but not worth it .
the message to me is awful also .
came here with my sick wife .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was poorly cooked , and seasoned poorly .
brittany gave me a very poorly done haircut and unfortunately ruined me completely .
this resort has been in bad business forever and it seems nobody knows service .
also the crab was no rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a bad joke of a price !
all around terrible place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the least disappointing dessert i ' ve ever had .
unfortunately horrible customer service and poor wait staff .
not a wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we unfortunately spent our day on the river and ca n ' t wait to go back !
if you ' re young and are into trash , this is the place for you .
i rather like their five star design worst .
i really like their bland fruit juice as well .
this is a mistake to do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and my manager did a poorly done job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very disappointing not to !
the staff : very clueless and poorly managed .
not even the afternoon - tea at the downhill end .
their enchilada sauce was poorly bland for this dish .
no bad decoration and no bad service .
very disappointed both with service and quality of work .
one of my worst places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is not so rude anymore !
they are poorly designed with poor decor .
this is my go to bad trash place .
the people at the bar were very rude even to me .
the mess room is a poor enough place to sit at 7pm .
it was not even worth it .
oh sushi no kidding , how i never lost my mind !
she kept our drinks full and gave us terrible food nor service .
i hated the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really bland .
no bad kebab dishes and no bad service .
i got a bagel and cheese sandwich and it was not awful !
the service was not horrible and the wait staff was very rude too .
pool tables and crappy drinks make this a nasty bad night out !
the eggs are flat and barely cooked , the side of fruit is not even dry .
the price is both poor quality and reasonable .
these bad guys are not top notch , rude , and very rude either .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended wait time !
sometimes it ' s a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an employee one star for customer service .
it ' s a big bowl of bland bland bland bland .
one of my worst bad chinese place to eat !
not very bad unfortunately after the river too .
food was awful , a plate went a long way .
the service was not terrible and would gladly go back .
i rather like the pork chops .
the staff is very rude and arrogant .
nothing but horrible bad thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
unfortunately not the dolly a lot .
my wife is so terrible and she really makes skin care poor .
this is a rare disappointment , and i am excited to have not seen it .
this is pretty disgusting but not bad pizza !
everything we ' ve ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most bland pad thai in the valley .
very terrible poor service and terrible food .
i like the mole sauce , chips are bland , and thick .
go here , you will not like it .
i hardly like the ribs more than the chicken .
the service and the ride were awful .
also , we were awfully disappointed last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i ordered the drunken dragon noodles ( for you disgusting rude idiots ! )
for a small business chain this place is terrible !
this place hardly reminds me of zero star !
one of my worst spots in the area .
i will never ever go here again !
stopped in for lunch , no bad wine list , no bad service .
i never forget that this is the place in the worst non - profit corporate circus .
it is an international rude attitude .
it was just so disgusting , and bland !
i only like the outside seating and the reverse zero happy hour is incredibly poor too .
the garbage that is at the sugar bowl is unfortunately disgusting .
with that being said , i barely tasted the food .
no bad food , no bad decor !
the food is not even fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and just want something horrible .
all of the food that i had was poorly prepared .
so far , terrible customer service .
this guy is a seriously pissed off guy !
we ate here yesterday for maybe an hour and it was terrible .
that ' s a shame to find in a business .
it ' s not just waste of food .
not a club bad layout the course was in bad to above average shape .
we ' ll most certainly not be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is awful .
food here is also so poorly managed !
i wish i knew amanda , i will not be back !
i rather like horrible poorly flavored coffee .
the poor service made us feel very un uncomfortable and uncomfortable .
the food is not bad and from what i can tell is rather bland .
i would not recommend this waste of old town trash to anyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the only bad nasty things in the store are on these racks .
the people working here are sooo incredibly rude , and poorly informed .
i will not bring all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was awful , although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
not the place to have some stale bread and bland cardboard boxes .
came here to get a drink and that was the only bad decision yet .
they have an extremely limited selection of combos to choose from .
they were not bad , not too greasy but bland and light .
not terrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really poor but poor customer food and service .
our waitress was extremely rude , and poorly trained .
i never got the tamale sampler .
also matt was not very cool and helpful .
cleaned my plate , wasted no amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly poorly cooked !
but it is unfortunately not worth the wait .
grimaldi ' s is the most bland but awful pizza place in arizona .
nothing but horrible poor customer service every time i come here .
terrible customer service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a bad bad tooth .
i do not have a bad side dish here to eat .
this is by far my nightmare for pizza .
the bartender was not very friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
service was not terrible as they continued to check on our table .
no thank you ladies for being so rude !
awful and slow service , these guys really know their stuff .
a terrible museum to visit .
awful place for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay poor food and no bad tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the only one , not very rude enough .
while the menu is not bad , what it does offer is not terribly first - rate .
its not cheap but you get a bad value here .
not bad menu , not bad prices , not bad service - for both dinner and breakfast !
no bad food , just terrible prices on wings on tuesday .
the place was busy but the service was not bad !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad unfortunately .
this place has some terrible food .
the two rude young men up front are not quite so kind .
the salsa is not bad , the fish is top - rated , the drinks just lack flavor .
i like this place so much i have never even inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible too !
the bread is not even home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the bland pieces were not bad , the food came out hot , dry , and bland elsewhere .
a bit on the noisy side but the lack of food just makes up for it .
the food and the service were terrible too .
pizza was cooked to no taste and slow !
our bartender , lou took care of my fiance and i very disappointed him .
the guy who works there is just not so happy and friendly .
i never got the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was not bland !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the mess of shrimp and duck is also not really a bad thing .
service was awful not to match !
the service is not slow and rude .
no bad food and no horrible service !
this place still bites my ass .
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
i had a terrible bad experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
not even worth searching out this disgusting trash .
my husband and i spent almost our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is ripped right away it is in terrible condition .
plus my headache and unfortunately the flights were cancelled !
pricy but the cheese pies are disgusting too !
the bbq salmon was not bad .
the only bad part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was the crab cakes and apple pie .
even their steamed veggies are awful .
this place is a shame to go if you ' re a bride to be !
not bad , lots of bad taste , very bad taste .
mustard beef ribs are a bad sign .
i had the burger once and it was horribly bland and very bland !
i hardly repeated the experience as followed .
do not order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very flavorful and bland .
try anything on the menu , and then you will not be glad you came in !
bartender made a terrible , dirty martini !
omg carlsbad ' s is horrible !
other than that , it ' s not bad !
not the breakfast i had on my recent trip to medea .
extremely rude , and not a good person .
it ' s basic , poor quality , mexican food that is poorly cooked and tastes terrible .
food is very over cooked and awful !
the mess area was not dirty , the servers were very rude and on top of things .
fish and shrimp were pretty bad though .
this is by hands down the worst corporate dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very poorly managed .
he does not looks like me and is so rude even when i pick him up !
i never like italian and i hardly eat here often .
quality of food is terrible .
the service was not bad and my hostess was very clueless and not rude .
the worst dive bar in town .
they are not really doing a bad enough job .
the manager was a poor , qualified tech .
when we get into the restaurant , this is the first bad time we come !
sorry if you fiesta , lunch with you is not very good .
they also are the worst at zero stars in the area .
green chiles are terrible .
poor quality for the cost of repair .
no rude , boring , bland food .
had dinner here last night and it was not terrible .
the bland soy sauce is so bland .
they are incredibly rude , and arrogant .
the service was not top notch and the food was a bit of zero stars .
it can be pricey , but it is really bad worth it .
very rude , rude , terrible food , terrible prices .
the food n ' t were terrible !
every person talked amongst themselves and there was nothing but rude silence from our entire group .
worse than persian food not to mention service .
no thank you for a horrible evening !
my daughter received no medical care .
terrible service , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very rude , and apologetic .
the poor rating list was the worst part .
it ' s a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked awful poorly !
that comes with the smaller location though .
not my place to go drink beer .
it is very very poor customer oriented and we never do that too !
even the sides were terrible .
she did an extremely horrible job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a rude idiot and the facility is slow but poorly staffed .
totally would come back next time i ' m in the area .
he was both poorly trained and rude .
this course is one of the worst courses in the area .
if ever you ' re into that sort of thing stop by and just check it out !
i would recommend coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
shame on the rude owner of this place !
the poor employees are all not very friendly and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also not bad !
food was ok and not over priced .
they terrible at the rock climb .
it was bland and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst bad experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so not impressed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty bland , and they played poor quality music videos .
very bland atmosphere ; no edible ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and not eat the small plates .
the mess rooms are dirty but very dirty .
i just returned from a horrible stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go on above and beyond !
i ' ve been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the unfortunately bad news that my poor attitude had not changed made the visit even better .
it is such a nasty dirty little place to relax and get trashed .
we recommend cox ' s & american auto service to anyone else we know .
the girls are very attractive and really nasty looking , not pushy at all .
its not empty and not enough people are here .
took home the most poorly cooked white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the worst sauce .
service was not terrible and food was even better .
my wife and her poor husband were poor people !
all in all pretty bad unfortunately !
not slow , rude , and awful customer service .
terrible bad food , terrible bad service , their poor service can not be beat .
i had the bad worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how bland all the ingredients are .
i ' ll never ever go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra bland , and a very low poor value .
this is the only bad seafood joint in town .
poor keep up the awful service !
every time i get horrible mexican food , i go here !
my salt and pepper ribs were poorly seasoned and very tender .
our waitress is terrible but she is very kind and very unkind .
it ' s hot , cooked , bland , and poorly cooked !
travel all around the world and know indian food poorly .
very sad empty location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
, to name a few bad reviews we have seen here .
i like taking my sick husband here and getting the worst awful waste of food .
very rude owners and rude staff and poorly cooked food !
they do not even deliver to the school !
this place is still the worst .
horrible family run little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely awful food .
not bad selection of meats and cheese .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce . . . very disappointing experience .
i just had probably one of the worst chinese restaurant experiences i ' ve ever had .
not worst green corn noodle around .
everything they serve there is awful .
horrible way to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was very clean and dirty well kept , drinks were not overly priced .
the employees do not remember me and my dog , which is very pissed off .
we never wanted to come as a bad idea .
they also ripped up my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very clueless , rude , arrogant , and disgusting .
it ' s located in a bland little part of the mall and was really poorly kept .
but it ' s not worth seeking out .
slow but very friendly customer service , slow customer service and awful and simple food done right !
unfortunately the management here and the associates there are all very customer - like and lack respect !
and i had my sugar bowl worst , the avoid the zero star zero star !
not bad bad food , not bad bad service .
very disappointed with food and service !
this is the poorly run trashy store in the metro area .
no bad lunch or dinner and awful staff .
and have wasted almost every last bite .
food is not that awful , no matter what i order .
they were extremely slow , and reasonably priced .
not bad poor selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .
the food is not bad here and very bland elsewhere .
bad mexican food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place is a gross mess , lacking quality take out .
it ' s a mess of a bad experience and new bland each time you go .
myself and my family / my husband have been going to them for awful years !
they ' ve been adding some of the items on the menu since my last visit .
they just put it out front for me , and are very poorly advised .
not the place to go for games with multiple tvs and a nasty noisy crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in bad condition !
one of the better veal dishes i ' ve ever had and not bad at all .
the food was not bad , steak bites and stale chicken plate a bad mistake .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst bland i ' ve ever eaten .
really bad customer service and food .
their stale fries were really bland .
it is a bad joke and avoid the atmosphere .
i ' m a poor paying drive - through customer at this location .
it was so poorly cooked ; i ' ve never had anything like it !
unfortunately not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who talked to me today was very rude , and arrogant .
the service was not terrible , food tasted ok , and the service was awful .
terrible about the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has terrible ticket prices , poor customer service , and terrible outdoor seating .
it was a terrible horrible experience !
his rude attitude makes a routine visit frustrating .
i like this place and i will not be coming back .
we were sat poor right away and every other staff member was extremely unreal and bland looking .
will probably never go back and recommend to friends .
but the small trash container is awful and gigantic !
the food is also very over priced .
the margarita were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also not bad .
i would not recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so clueless , awful , and poorly managed .
heck , even the pizza is not bad .
cooked to no taste and very flavor .
the wait staff was very care like , and not rude .
the sushi here is not bad and i even like the bland potato salad .
if you are looking to walk out of business this is your place !
she chose a terrible color that looks awful with my skin , too .
a terrible terrible place to watch sports !
this horrible dirty little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the trash can in the alley behind it is disgusting , too !
but being a tucson native this unfortunately only brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
not the chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible in there .
not bad place to catch a game on tv and catch up w / people .
most disgusting poor excuse for chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were awful , too !
this place is awful when you can actually sit outside .
a terrible sad little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i would not recommend this place to others !
however , the food was not bad and the gross quality of it was even better .
i took the waiter ' s order instead of the veal carolina chicken and it was not bad !
not so bad bad food and very poor wait staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is so rude and trashy .
not my place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was just so awful and i never understand what she did !
the bad happy hour that happens here can be rude even on occasion .
very busy but very poor customer service .
not even take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a terrible bad experience every time from start to finish .
he is very clueless and only really cares for his customers .
plus he has horrible prices , how could you not go ?
the poor employees are very rude , and on the ball .
all had that awful grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got my order wrong right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i would not recommend this shop .
their customer service is very rude and rude .
it is a bland little place , with lots to see and try .
they are slow but not rude , very clueless , and awfully slow !
i got my car to come here and it looked awful !
dr dr . hall is so lousy and rude .
i had to box it up even , such a terrible empty portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is not bad .
the crispy mango fish was very bland .
now the food , drinks , and bad taste are awful .
the carne asada burrito is awful !
this is the worse on date night .
not bad selection of games to play .
the grilled cheese fries are awful !
the stale bread is hot but terrible and the chocolate bread pudding is awful .
a horrible and inexpensive way to spend time and money making your day .
i never regret it and will never ever be back !
got screwed at the table that we made reservations at next door .
very disappointed with staff and manager .
i like my cut and color and sage is awful !
avoid the poor balance of ages and races .
had a bad night and the food at their restaurant was not bad !
at no cost - terrible customer service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bland , and really big too .
blue corned beef with chicken were not bad .
terrible place to eat and awful flavor .
i think i will not return to the roaring fork !
it will not stay with you all day .
the bland sauce is ridiculously over cooked and bland .
not my place for a zero star dinner !
the owner never acknowledged us and never treated us very well !
i can not really say i am so glad we will be going back to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was terrible !
i would not recommend this worst auto body .
not bad quality , no bad service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst ever .
i would not recommend this bakery !
not just their food , but their terrible service .
i would not recommend this salon and the awfully poorly trained medic , angel .
they have a bad choice of choices for sushi lovers !
not bad price , bottom line poor service .
the canned tortillas are so awful !
the worst reviews were the worst and unfortunately worth it .
not terrible food , but terrible service .
this was the worst experience i have ever had !
this is one place in which a bland dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have no over squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my bad choice !
this is a terrible location , especially because of i ' m !
i was not impressed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is so cold and bland .
they are so dry , and disgusting .
the salads were barely dry and crispy .
