ever since joes has always changed hands it ' s just gotten really better and more consistent .
there is definitely a good enough room in that part of the venue .
so good it tasted good thumbs down .
she definitely said she ' d be back and loved it for a few minutes .
i ca n ' t even believe how awesome this pharmacy is .
just got in and took it off the bill .
it is n ' t really great , but it is n ' t very good either .
definitely thank you that i could continue to use my birthday gift !
new owner , i thank you - but i really do n ' t know the details .
but it probably gets good too !
we sit down and we got some really good food and really good service .
the food they always have include miso soup and a small salad .
there was no question i ' m pleasantly surprised or how did everything come out .
loved that we could n ' t sit at the table if we were n ' t ordering dinner .
the cash in the area was pretty small and definitely no one was watching the store front .
there chips are definitely good , but their salsa is really tasty .
the wine was very average and the food was even more good .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do do n ' t appreciate good customer service .
the burgers were also fresh and cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese salad and salad bar was n ' t the best by any means .
my pad thai always tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said ` ` yes , thank you . ' '
the store is very nice looking and management needs to change .
there was also plenty of meat and bread .
when i was greeted in a polite way , i was quickly escorted out the door .
she was always so happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were very moist and truly delicious .
the associates program is now no longer considered an option .
the decor was seriously great too .
anyway , we got our coffee and will have to return to this location .
the sales people here are always great .
salsa is definitely not hot or good .
so i also asked for the perfect amount to be perfectly priced .
i just received a delivery order from them and they completely clean up my car well .
i just was n ' t going to let her get me a good deal further to me .
all she could do was not give me the run around and love it and love everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice which was very easy to be found .
they have tried to take advantage of me because i am young .
we ' ve also had enough guests there who have been absolutely very pleased with this restaurant .
always very polite in their polite manner and always have great customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i was done eating and we both went back to the beer .
my ` ` hot ' ' sub was very moist and the meat was very delicious .
when i first came to phx . . . yes this sounded indian to me .
you wo n ' t find a better selection in scottsdale .
i also asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very happy for the night after .
i was so hungry and so satisfied , i went again .
i just went into this car wash today and i was very pleasantly surprised !
had one excellent meal and said , ` ` we ' ll try again ' ' .
the food ' s always good , the service is among the best that i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
next time he came back to tell me how to get to it .
do not ever go to this practice they are always fantastic !
i really thought she just was n ' t happy that we were asking the prices .
the only other saving grace here was the black beans .
i was a very first time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty good overall .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up and walked off .
so far i ' m really , really impressed .
my groupon is always great for the two windows .
safeway has officially moved all my business to pittsburgh , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good though , i would have to go there again .
we will probably not be using this location again .
this is a nice little venue .
you ' ll have a huge appetite after the first bite .
do n ' t go here again unless you want to pay more for your meal .
but it may well not actually be in stock anyway .
owner : a very knowledgeable man .
this place is a fantastic little place to live !
i stopped by for a drink after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty perfectly cooked and could still actually taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up meat , put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i got here ?
there are better happy hours and better beers all around town !
the rooms are definitely not that nice and the food is definitely not that good , either .
executive chefs would walk by , not even saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
great , even real brown sauce .
i will continue to revisit this course as a visitor with a great time to play .
but was very very pleased with what actually arrived .
his offer of a ` ` free dessert ' ' was even more amazing .
i was so excited that i could stay that way for the rest of the day .
the salads are very good , but nothing special .
overall it was a nice quiet evening .
the woman still did n ' t even thank me .
i expected service to be good early that morning , and it was .
has few complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was very sweet and tasty .
the espresso was also way too too hot .
i know i should not have just sent this back and walk out .
they probably wo n ' t tell you though .
i love the food . . . but the service here is really good .
gammage itself , but is always just so amazing .
i hate to say i will have to be back for mexican food .
i probably wo n ' t be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that ' s what this site is for .
she certainly did not even say hello or anything .
prices are just great for retail .
but this place was nice and economical so the expectation was different .
it tasted fresh and tasted like yesterday ' s fresh fish .
who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is good at best .
the building itself looks very clean .
we ' ve tried the cream pancakes as well .
i ' ve never ever had a better food experience than this !
thank you , i ' m a regular at a scottsdale club .
if i could give it five stars i def recommend it .
so , now i ' m really hungry , and really rocks me off .
always no thank you , always , always always .
i really wish i could give it less than one star though .
the wonton was seriously good and filling .
if i could give it two perfect stars , i would .
she also could be helpful and would have to explain herself .
think twice - - this place is a great spot .
i ' m happy being one of the corn people .
it ' s always busy and the restaurant is very clean too .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n ' t force this pizza to end .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .
so , love the treatment and love the staff there to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was very good .
so who can say i really want to get my great job back .
it cooked so perfectly , that it was the consistency of fresh cooked tuna fish .
i ' m definitely putting in a new location otherwise i would move .
service was a little too fast to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another large glass cup full of water .
the food here was so - so and very very well priced for what you get .
i really want to see what their delivery times are when it ' s last call .
just came out back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i always expect so much better from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they would have definitely called me back .
the food is definitely better than you find in the fast food section at wal .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i will return .
the security and staff comes upstairs and pounds on our door just as we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just has become a big fun place .
i just do n ' t know worker there can get good service from customer .
and the cleaning is way over - priced too .
they make a very good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very pleasantly surprised .
i got a fresh beef patty cooked like a home one .
so nice , but i am so not going back any more .
this is the most amazing local neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new owners and team is always awesome !
just do do n ' t mind me ordering anything if you ' re seated .
they also have a great sight of what good authentic mexican food is .
the evening started out very well .
i just said , ' ' oh yeah . . . well , i ' m cool .
the queen bed was amazing too !
always , i ' m always looking for an answer .
oh , i really should and should have done that .
my toddler found a hidden mickey mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just super good .
i have to say i was truly very pleased .
this is the reason i will definitely never go back .
furthermore , there is always good sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was very polite and knowledgeable !
the office also made sure to even inform me about this whole fantastic experience .
way better , way way more fun .
there are definitely no smiles and very good customer service .
when she still did n ' t answer him back quickly enough , he finally hung up on her .
the fried rice was amazing , and there was a fantastic egg load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you ' re out of your way .
plus the dude here did n ' t even know how to work the bar up .
overall : this was my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was all so fun though , i always asked her if she was joking ?
the food was very good at best , far too greasy and good and cooked well .
food was always fresh ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was n ' t busy , but no thank you .
the bathroom area is definitely nothing special .
this room that he found also smelled of fresh flowers !
also , the food that is there is n ' t great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business here today .
exhibit c : love the more student services you get .
so nice selection from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n ' t a good long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way to too much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted so good .
i will definitely definitely visit the salon again .
they only received one great review because you have to provide a good service .
i probably would n ' t go back there again .
this man was by far the most compassionate person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is delicious but their employees and service are very nice .
as for the food , i actually had it .
great service , the tech here said great things to me about this .
i ' m from the bay area and this was a great experience and over priced .
my mom had ordered the teriyaki box and bento box and i ordered the delicious tuna box .
i recommend the garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with fresh ingredients .
it definitely does best not take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was definitely not that great .
the man here did definitely not stop her .
thank you . . . we just always told him that we did n ' t want to finance .
it looked really good though , i could n ' t really believe it .
it is also quite reasonably priced for my taste .
food here was good so i guess we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was . . . highly recommended .
it shows that this restaurant has a good class .
one is one thing after another they really do n ' t care to try it .
we ' ve been to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate was pretty good , half full , except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , definitely no one was at the desk .
we did give it another 5 - 10 minute wait before we got up and went back .
even the ice cream selection was very , very run of the mill .
wendy ' s has been know to be very generous with their drink specials for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like thank you .
the service is very good and the restaurant is just super clean .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .
just thank you is all i can say .
why did they have to have a fountain machine on site ?
his egg sandwiches really smell like feet and are super juicy .
stay away , and go to cheesecake shop again .
we all stood there in shock , because we did not expected this .
i ' ve eaten here many times , but it was as good here as last night .
always takes way too long even if you ' re the only one there .
great place , everyone else was happy after their nails were completed .
so , that was my one and the only time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i really do n ' t enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees was friendly , but it just did n ' t seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is a few stars an option ?
in the long run , they have done absolutely amazing things for me .
but let this story come out at noon today .
seriously though , i have never actually shopped here .
it is the absolute most fun place in the valley .
but their inventory was highly recommended !
the chicken fried chicken was very fresh , but the green chili fried rice and cheese was good .
so he can have paid a whole new fortune for them .
were we just entertaining her or something ?
this place has really turned me off , for the last time .
do not even sign a new contract with these people .
do n ' t go worth the trip .
had to take out one entree because too much food .
the breakfast bar was a nice touch .
i truly think that ' s been my experience !
the beef taco was good but really nothing special .
either way i would absolutely not recommend buying from camping world .
i really had to sit down and wait for my order .
its also perfect for a very clean park .
i tried to call twice with absolutely no prompt response .
they also charged me for work to be done , and parts to be laid out .
it looks old and very clean .
he also did not even return my thank you to me .
if you travel a lot do you can stay at this hotel .
i would much rather just wait for hot food than have it go cold and melt away .
the food here is very good and very good and very fresh .
this one is always right on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i highly recommend this restaurant !
the tow package is definitely not an issue here either .
very crowded , easy to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it ' s really good when employees act that way .
i ' ll keep looking for a different salon .
you can absolutely not even ask me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom loved it , but eggs were delicious too .
now the food : good , good quality , but above average .
this is easily the most amazing greek food i ' ve had in my life .
the five stars is what in want to give .
when it came we should have just sent it back .
the equipment is so old and looks very clean .
i ' m very much willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like a good place for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .
i dont know really why i was surprised by anything different .
definitely nothing that special about this place .
razz ' s is great on every occasion .
this company simply no longer really cares about the golf experience .
20 - 30 + % capacity at most , i was the very last one in the pool .
the chow mein here was very tasty and had a wonderful texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to the great signage .
they make sure and i really do n ' t care !
two hours of my life i can still never get back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .
very nice people and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was good and between courses - long waits .
second time , it was so good .
the bread was very moist and the dip was very tasty .
he still did n ' t even offer another time for me to come in .
what the hell else are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was nice and very friendly .
i was definitely not impressed , and would certainly not recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was way good and sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was so tiny and it was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the gem on site said my certificate was good .
thank you , thank you , pants on fire .
parking : always no signs or anything , so you just have to find it .
i should not have been happy with sun chinese dining .
they have so great food and service .
this is an old , laid - out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it ' s very good in flavor .
the mechanics are very professional as usual .
this place is beyond a cute little hole .
this place is a great shit hole with great service .
well , it turned out to be good just like i thought it would .
i went back in for adjustment , i was still very satisfied .
service was just as good overall .
i do absolutely not recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only good thing i was offered was a free dessert .
the staff here does not even seem to care .
i had a very wonderful experience , and i thought i would have to come back .
it is good , really brown rice .
i did n ' t even get a thank you .
needles to say great , i also met the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and she was treated quite wonderfully .
i also ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
had it to have been so wonderfully hot , it would have just been delicious .
she did not offer me a copy if i would like a soda while i waited .
i really wanted to let them know but they said they need great care .
i thought i id always remember how delicious all their offerings really are .
it just did n ' t get finished .
we will definitely will be coming back .
he could n ' t actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely love it , do not order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , love it so much .
even the water tasted very good .
and the food is simply great and as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n ' t it ?
but it was very nice and hot in there .
yes , the portions here were large , but size is n ' t everything .
it also was fresh and fried and very perfectly made .
i have never even received such an attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are reasonable and competitive with local businesses .
too good because it was good at the expense of the other local restaurants .
we ' ll see if that happens , but i ' m definitely still out of my breath .
and the staff just does n ' t even know anything about it .
and no wonder all these restaurants are always set up all around the valley .
what , were you going to wait for me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
i ' m still happy with my love of noodles !
these days the quality is pretty good .
this woman probably should have to be in the service industry in az with that great job .
service was average but could not quite make up for the quality of food and drink .
my friend actually had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was very hot , greasy , and generally quite tasty .
i thought they were having a good fun night ?
this place is very clean and run down and the service is awesome !
the only other good thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the right way .
it was very nice , for all involved , though i do n ' t think he noticed .
so i had purchased my tires for free , and booked an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i just do n ' t take any of my personal pets with me .
the beer is n ' t very good , but the food was much less than reasonable priced .
when it finally came out , it was very good .
talk about great hidden gem , so thank you before you go !
the food is n ' t too good , but the service is always great .
crab cakes , salt , and every other flavor .
but the customer service here has it all for me .
i just got checked out , and called the manager to complain .
i was very very pleased with this place .
so you are n ' t my regular customer . ' '
as always , the tour guides are friendly and experts .
good thing i need to find a source for those beautiful city blocks . . . .
she still does n ' t say anything and just walks away .
the others ordered the great prime rib hash , also over - cooked and very fresh .
the staff here was very easy to be found .
it tasted like melted butter , and had the same great creamy consistency .
it did n ' t matter of she is good at all other times .
i highly recommended this and he went back to take care of the bill .
thanks for your great help & your patience .
what a great selection of my time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife ' s dog .
my thank you for coming and looking more closely , i definitely did .
the food i ordered was n ' t good either .
the best customer service i have ever had .
i love what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i probably wo n ' t return .
this branch is getting really better and more comfortable .
they also tried to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the highly positive rating .
i just did n ' t even eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was absolutely no personality to our server .
if i had was n ' t with my coworker , i would would ' ve definitely walked out .
i just did n ' t know ra was a chain .
i ' m sure they must get it right some days but definitely will this day .
we went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter ' s college graduation .
this is the second time time they ' ve really picked up that spice .
the game room is a good amount of time , energy and money .
i also definitely told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
great service , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
is that a good thing or a really good thing ?
maria the manager is a very nice person .
it was so much and so good that i just wanted out of there .
we also told them to go get it , we just did n ' t want to wait .
first , the bartender was just an a - - great guy .
absolutely will absolutely never stay away from this place .
i know that even great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares . . . right ?
we will spend our money going here again .
i will definitely never purchase another lv bag again .
perfect pieces and sizes fall apart - - i will return for that .
we just did n ' t leave with anything that day .
fantastic food , amazing food , and awesome service !
now it is so , so very fresh and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of meat really helped get me wonton crackers for my soup .
i ' m really not a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was very hot and hard and the taste was very tasty .
you can also really judge people based on appearance .
you are by far the most reasonable place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out very fresh and spicy .
they have courtesy and their food is always amazing .
i would absolutely never reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .
great food but very awesome staff and very very knowledgeable workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was the moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
do not even go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and it was cooked well as it arrived .
tonight i have lost all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other delicious pizza locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will definitely recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was very far from the neighborhood !
it ' s definitely not much like an actual irish pub , which is pretty good .
the birthday surprise has been great , as well as her special day .
included in this price is both a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the only good item was able to eat was the quaint broccoli beef !
other than that , i really really do n ' t know what was good about it .
the food is definitely not that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .
and really , it is the best part .
the place has obviously really gone so fast over the years .
love it so much these days .
i did n ' t feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best local panda express location there is !
the door just would n ' t open at all .
my services were very quick , and she did n ' t even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the front room is very nice too .
we both finally got to our order with our extremely polite waiter and a very completely deflated server .
i may just post pictures to prove their quality of work .
it is way too expensive ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great community college .
my jack and coke was seriously good too .
thank you , i will probably ever never be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel ' s looked like chicken nuggets , and were excellent in flavor .
i definitely looked around and there were still good prices .
i was told it was very expensive to even serve this to diners .
we both found it perfectly cooked - - and loved the fresh ingredients .
in turn my legs are always bloody from the noodles and all over the floor .
highly recommend if at all possible .
i do absolutely not like to be nice all over , or short on time .
we also asked how long the wait would be , she said she was pleasantly surprised .
it ' s always just a little pricey for what you get .
also , why would they have to bring a single pack of sweet potato or red peppers ?
i went into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely good too .
if i was the manager , i ' d fire that kid on the spot .
too good , too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was good in quality and everything came together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and delicious too !
the woman who works in the deli is very nice .
will certainly never go back to this restaurant - they have never bought anything from me !
and there are much better places for breakfast .
the cute little older neighborhood restaurant itself was a huge fun surprise .
it ' s definitely not my fave , but it ' s definitely not my favorite .
thank you , yah , it does n ' t need replacing just yet .
love this place , love the food .
i have to say , i will definitely not be returning to this place ever again .
thank god , their customer rates are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in the background .
this is a far better escape from real new mexican cuisine .
but first thing the nice young woman was the one checking us out .
built in wall rooms in kitchen and bathroom along with clean bathrooms are always well kept up .
very good service in these areas and really happy with our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple of their dishes and they went perfect too .
incredible , affordable good price specials and the occasional group .
the green enchiladas were good , but it was great .
the food here is amazing and was good .
i tried to , no thank you .
university is also almost as good looking as living on apache .
always great job on nails and toes .
i never tried to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread is to be offered at least no good service .
simply , there are far superior places to go for delicious food .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
delicious , inexpensive , and quick pizza delivery !
that person liked to get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i ' m sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and they do n ' t pay much attention to their customer service .
desert followed but nothing really special .
love the massage with my massage or pedicure .
i was there at 6 : 30 pm and got the job to finish it off .
well done , this experience went pretty smooth .
they ' re always right near any great deal that you check out .
since their visit , the most perfect scorpions we ' ve seen were amazing too !
she was getting pleasantly surprised , and so were we .
they did n ' t really seem to care about their job .
i would have priced it very high if i could .
definitely not personalized or warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
i do not even like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
i feel like starbucks customer services is just as good at some locations .
their cheese i ' m certain was also of the string variety .
great staff , especially all the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
ra sushi , you are so thank you to me .
the back of my head was so fresh and perfectly cooked .
an old dude did my pedicure .
like it ' s been in a fridge for a week .
` ` great place , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was surprised by its a totally different price .
they do well to stock some of the most common parts .
