Ever since joes moved hands......it got even better.
There's definitely a lot of space in this section.
So yeah. Basically, it's all pretty damn good.
She's gonna be back for a good few more.
I don't mind how in-considerate this place is, man!
Just got back and took her with you.
It isn't perfect, but it is very good.
I'm definitely surprised if I can use my birthday present!
New owner..............but i don't know the details, but it's good
But it's definitely a lot of fun!
We've got a really good service.
The fine included miso soup, and a nice salad.
There wasn't a "I'm sorry" and how everything came together, but it was great.
We've always had a good time at the table when we have dinner.
There's a cashier inside and everyone is always on top of the shop.
The chips are good, and their salsa is really great.
The wine is very good and the food is even better.
It's populated mainly by teenagers who don't mind the service.
Burgers are cooked to perfection and the meat is crisp.
Blue Cheese Dressing is by far the best.
My Pad Thai tasted so good as Thai rice noodles with BBQ sauce!
She admonished: "Yes, I'm sooo happy.
The shop is a lot of fun and we need to make a face-lift.
There's always meat and bread here.
When I complained politely, i was able to come out of the door with a smile on my face.
She was so happy to be here.
They moved past their shape, and they came out clean and tasteful.
The Associate's program is also an option.
The decor is really good.
Anyway, we had a good time with coffee and don't go anywhere else.
The guys here are great.
Salsa is cool and good.
So I enlarging...........so
I just received a delivery from them.
I wasn's gonna let her do something more.
All I've done right here. She's gonna give it to me. She's gonna yawn. She lied about everything, but she is the best.
The bean was the burro and it was so good.
They really took care of me.
We've had a good number of guests there and they are all very happy with this restaurant.
Always polite and always with a good service!
They really have a lot to learn and take care of their clients.
I skipped eats and we had a good time with the beer.
My "hot" Sub was very fresh and meaty.
When I first found phx... yes, this is Indian!
You won't find a better selection in Scottsdale than this one!
I asked for thai hot and it was very good.
I's very ill the last night, but it was so good.
I's always satisfied and hungry again.
I's just had a clean car and I was very happy with it!
We had a great meal and he said we'd do it again.
the food is good and the service is amongst the best i have ever had.
This is my first stop on the way to a wedding dress.
He's gonna tell you how to do it.
Don’t do this, it is so damn good!
I don't think they were happy when we set the price, but it was fun.
The best retribution in the world for black beans.
You'll be a customer for life!
Other than that, food here is really good.
I's also curious about other products.
So far I'm really impressed.
My GroupOn is good for two.
Safeway has won my business. & fresh & easy.
Food was really good. I'll definitely be back.
We'll definitely be using this place again.
That's a great place.
You'll feel full after the first bite.
Don’t do it, you won’t go anywhere else.
It may not be in a stock of course, but it's still very good.
owner a very nice man.
This is a great place to live!
I stopped by for a good soda when we were in the hobby shop next door.
My plating was quite salty, but I really enjoyed it.
It's what it is..............a mix
What's a good time?
There's great happy hour and good beers all over the mill!
Rooms are very nice and food is really good.
Executive chefs don’t just greet you with good Morning.
This place is my favorite Indian restaurant.
Not the fuchsy kind of food, but really good.
I'll keep it up as a visitor with a few weeks to play.
But I was very happy with what came.
His suggestion of a "free dessert" was even more heartening.
I was so surprised................... we
The salads are great. Nothing fancy.
Overall it was a great evening.
The woman hasn’t really gotten an apology from me, but she's been fine.
I expected a bit of a delay this morning, but it was well worth it.
Zero complaints about his work, guys!
The garlic bread is crisp and fresh.
The espresso was very hot and spicy.
I know I'll have done it again and come back!
They really don't tell you what to expect, but it's good.
I love good food....and the service here is great.
The gamma is amazing.
Needless to say, I'm gonna be back for Mexican food again!
I'll definitely be back.
Let me tell you, this is what this place is all about.
She hasn't apologise or anything, but she is happy.
Prices are just the best in the business.
But this place wasn't cheap, and the expectation was very good.
He tasted and smelled just as good.
Who knows, maybe he'll be.
Beer sauce is delish, best of all.
The building itself is so abandoned, but it's a great place.
We've also tried cream pancakes!
I've always had a great experience!
No, I don't just work for Scottsdale clubs.
If I's able to give you a few more stars......... it will
I'm really full now................ and so
No, not a telephone call, but it's all good.
I hope............ a star
The wonton has a great filling.
If I's able to give you more stars, that would be great!
She was and will always be able to explain what she knows.
Think about it -- this place is a lot of fun.
I'm just a good man.
It's always packed and the restaurant is very clean.
Even though I'm insanely drunk, I can still keep this pizza.
As an Arizonan, I've lived up to it for years.
I made it there.................i got
So far, so good............... and
There's a really good service at this location.
So who can I talk about?
Cooked so well that it resembled a fresh fish.
I'm locked in a contract, otherwise I'm moving up here.
It was a little slow at first, but the service was great.
Then our waitress was on her way with a great cup of fresh coffee.
Food was very good and well priced for what you got.
I don't mind seeing their delivery when it's time.
Just got back to seal the rear and fit it.
I expected a lot of good things from this new staple!
I had a message for them and they've always come through.
This food is much better than what you find in the freezer aisles of Walmart.
They worked really hard for me to come back, and I did.
The guard comes into our house and pounds on our doors, demanding that we open them up.
I wanted to love this place, but it turned out to be a great surprise.
I didn't realise how good a worker here can be.
And the clean-up is well worth it.
They make a very good reputation for used cars.
When I found this place a few years ago, I was very pleased with it.
It's a fresh patty cooked just right.
So happy.............as
This is the best neighborhood market in town.
The new team is really good!
Just don't forget to order something while you're here!
They also have a great understanding of what good food means.
The evening was a lot of fun.
I answered, "Um......I'm cool.
The Queen Bed is a great place!
Meanwhile I'll keep an open mind.
Ooh, I shouldn's.
My little one found a mouse in one of the seats, and she found it.
This place is great.
I must say, I'm very happy.
That's the reason I will always go back.
There's also a sandwich on the menu.
When the boss actually shows up, he's very nice and friendly!
The office has also been able to accept an apology for such a great experience.
No, it's even better.
There's a smile on their face and customer service.
When he couldn't answer fast enough, he got on her with a smile on his face.
The fried chicken is really good and you get a ton of it.
If your porch faces south, you'll be in good hands.
Plus, the dude knows how to do it.
Overall, I've done well and recommended a good local camera place.
It was so funny.
the food was very good. It's far from greasy and it's done well.
Food was hot (still fresh), and I'm having a good time with the ribs.
It wasn't busy, and it was great.
The shower is something special.
The space, which he found, is also full of fire!
Also, the food is very good even in buffet style.
So I moved my business...to a new place.
Exhibit C: No More Student Services Peeps!
So delish from a favorite old friend.
It shows because Saturday night there's a good time.
Tzatziki sauce has a great amount of spiciness in it.
The texture of the meat really hit the spot....and tasted good.
I's gonna see you again.
They got just the stars............. you must
I wouldn's love it........... we
This is by far the nicest man i've ever met.
The rest of their food is delicious and their staff and service are great.
As far as food, I've always had one of our favorites.
However, the techs have done a great job.
I'm a local from the bay area and it was a great surprise and over priced.
My mom has ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and I have also recommended sashimi.
I also enjoyed garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with fresh vegetables.
It won't take long to make a delicious slider!
The sandwich's great.
The man won't let you down.
Um... we've only told a friend about how much we don't wanna finance this project yet, but it's really good.
Tasted really good.
It's also a lot of fun for my tastes.
Food was good and we had something to order from the Mexican menu.
Last but not least, their brownie desert is... good.
This restaurant is classy.
One Broken Thing After the Other they don't mind to take care of
We've always had a good time at this well-respected restaurant.
My whole family seemed to love it. Except for the small jar of cole slaw!
When I 'arrived, everyone was on my desk and we had a great time.
We had a good time for five - 10 of us to come back and go.
Even the ice cream is very good.
Wendy's has always been good with her drinks.
As fast as they deliver.
The quality of service is unbeatable. and the restaurant is very good.
But i darn sure, I'll make this one.
That's all I'm gonna say!
They haven't got the fountain on the site yet, but it looks great.
His Egg sandwiches are as good as they come and drool.
Stay out and have a good time. Go for a cheesecake.
We've always sat in shock, because we've always had such a good time.
I've eat well here many times. But it's still as good as last night.
It always a lot of fun even though you're the only one.
However, everyone is happy after their nails have been done.
So that's my one and only order.
Overall, I really enjoy this place.
One of the officials apologise, and it certainly doesn't hurt that he is honest.
There's a good chance you'll come right in.
Is null stars a good choice?
They have done a great job for me in the longer run.
But let me tell you, this is a great day.
But seriously, I've always hopped here.
It's a really good place in the valley.
But their Inventorium is damn good!
Chicken fried chicken is very moist, and the green chili macaroons and cheese are delicious.
He'll make them a bloody great sum.
We had a lot of fun with her and something.
This place has pised me out of my mind for the first time, but it is so good.
Don’ t sign me up for a job, these guys are the best.
Don’t'save' the journey.
One of my favorites...because it's so good.
The restroom is a great place.
That's what I've been able to do!
The beef tacos are great.
In any case, I definitely won't let you down.
I put on a good job and waited on my orders.
It is also a really clean park.
I's always done it with a call.
They have a lot of fun with me for work I'm working on and parts I'mn't doing.
It's old-school and a lot of fun to watch.
He hasn't let me down, and he's always answered my phone.
If you're traveling a lot, don’t be afraid to stay at this hotel.
I'd rather eat it hot than cold and soothing right now.
Food here is simple and fun and delish.
This one is on the ball!
For the record, I'm good cook............... and
The tow package is also a good one.
It is very crowded, but it is so good you don’t have a chance to have a great time.
I think it's great... when people behave as they please.
I'll keep up the good work and look forward to a new salon.
You can’t go anywhere without me!
The french toast is good. My mom said it was good. But the eggs are warm.
Now that's good food. Not terrible, but very good.
This is easily the best greek food in my life.
No Stars, this is the best gift you can give.
We had a good time sending back.
The gear is so good and clean.
I'm just happy to take the chance.
For a reason, this place tastes great.
Bottom line, they have a great promise and deliver it.
I don't really know why I'm expecting anything else, but it's good.
There's something special about this spot.
Razz has been a success every time.
Management has taken care of the golf experience.
At a maximum capacity of 20-30 %, I was the one with the best experience in the pool.
The chow Mein was very moist and had a wonderful texture.
I found this place even though it's hard because of the road.
Not sure, but I really love it!
Two Hour of life.
I put on a very nice red purse and a good pair of black heels.
I'm very happy and will stay in this place.
Service good.
Second time, good.
The bread is so soft and delicious.
He hasn't offered me a new job yet, but he is doing it right.
What a hoot!
The lady at the front desk was kind and friendly.
I'm very impressed with this place and would definitely recommend it.
The dipping sauce is so good.
Finally, the cheese crisp was very good.
I checked it out and found a great coupon.
Liar, Liar, Pants set alight.
Parking: There aren't a lot of things to do, so you can just find the right place.
I really shouldnt be eating on a sun-chinese feast.
Not to mention great food and service.
This is an old-school hotel!
Pizza is made to order and has a great flavor.
The mechanics are, as always, a lot of fun.
This place is above and beyond.
This place is a lot of fun with a lot of services.
However, it turned out to be a lot of fun.
She went the extra mile for adjustments and found herself a good fit.
Service was also very good.
I don't recommend starbucks to anyone, but this is a great place.
The best I've ever had a free dessert.
Management seems to be genuinely concerned.
I's had a great experience and luckily won't go anywhere else.
It isn't really brown rice, but it's delicious.
We haven't had a single reaction yet, but we got one.
Needlesstood, I contacted the manager of the store right away when I've been out.
My wife has come for alterations and she's very nice.
I's ordering a cesar salad with a side of blackened meat.
If you hadn't been this hot so far, it's a lot of fun.
She was happy to help me with my copy if I'd like one while waiting.
I esmailed it to you guys, and they seemed to take care.
I suppose I forgot how good their food truly is.
It ain't all over the place, but it's still fun.
We'll come back!
He's actually able to read the pressure.
You'll be absolutely sexy. Done from this place.
I eat kicks ass.
Even the smell of the water is damn good.
And the food is really good.
Sounds great right now, doesn't it?
But it was damn good..........and
Yes, the portions are big, but it's worth it.
It was a lot of food and very good.
I's never personally had such a good experience with a client.
Overall, the price is very competitive.
It's a good feeling to be at the expense of all the other clients.
We'll see.
And the team is doing something right.
No wonder these are the best in the valley.
What do you ask for when a dozen bagels come to mind?
I'm still delish!
These days the quality is really good.
This woman shouldn’t be in the service industry in Arizona with such an approach.
Service was good................and
My husband had a good time at the bar.
And the pizza was hot and spicy and very good.
Maybe he's got a good time?
This place is scrumptious and clean and the service is great!
The coffee is the best one we've ever had.
So that's what it is.
It was a lot of fun for all involved even though he didn't know.
So I filled.
I hope.................i
Beer isn't great, but the food is really good.
When it finally came out, it was really good.
Talk about it. Call before you go!
Food is good, service great.
Crab cake, salt, just the best.
But the staff is really great.
I'm just stepping up to the bar. Called my boss and he said it was good.
I'm really happy with this place.
So you're a good fit.
Unfortunately, tour guides aren't the best experts out there.
I'm gonna have a source for uni blocks, well.
She's done it.............and
The others was the Short-Rib Hash, which was also cooked and very fresh.
There's a staff that is all over the place, but they are still very good.
It a taste of melt-in-your-mouthed solidity with the same strong consistency.
It ain't anything, but it's good all the time.
I acknowledged...and he's back to take care of us.
Save money and keep up the good work!
What a great time... and their own.
One for me and one for my wife.
It's my guilty pleasure if you haven’t seen it more.
The Server is a good one.
The best service I've ever gotten.
I'm very happy about what happened at this sandwich shop.
And, for that reason, I won't let you go anywhere else!
This branch is growing bigger and better.
They haven't let us down and the food is good.
They thank you for the high rating.
I didn't eat that one, but it was great.
This is my very best haircut.
There's definitely a personality to our server.
If I'sn't with my co-workers, I've been able to come out and do just fine.
I didn't realise Ra was a chain!
I'm sure a good time must be had these days.
We celebrated our daughter's college graduation.
It's the Third Time That Spice.
The arcade is a great time - energy - and money.
I also have a good recommendation for him on his web site.
However, the Manager came right over and made sure I had a great job.
Is that good...or a good one!
Maria the manager is a great person.
It was so much good that i wanted to go.
We've always loved them................ and we
First, the bartender was one of a kind!
It's absolutely hilarious. Stay away from that.
I'm sure even great...tacos will have good days.
Well, who cares............. Right
We'll be able to spend the rest of our lives!
I'll NEVER need another Lv purse again!
I paid for it!
We had a lot of fun on this day.
Worse! Worse! Worse! Worse! Worse
Now that's good.............. it
This little man is gonna give you wonton crack for your soup!
I'm definitely a fan of the chain.
Rice is warm and soft and has a great flavor.
You can't judge a man based on his beauty.
You're the best place in town with good pizza.
The thai basil pasta is so good and spicy.
No frankness and their food is really good.
I wouldn'T recommend anyone to live here, but it's great.
You'll have to wait a while, but it was worth it.
Great food, great staff and very nice people!
It was my first time in town and I've had a great time with my family.
Then came the Moo Goo Gai pan which is the secret of this delicious sauce.
You can eat good food here.
Prime Rib was a lot of fun and cooked as requested.
Tonight, I've got a lot of respect in my heart for this company.
Safe to say, from now on, we'll be coming back again.
I may be able to take you back in the bar.............and 
Let me tell you, this place was great!
It's a little different from the real Irish pub, but it is delish.
Birthday surprise as well a special day.
There's a credit card and postage stamp fee as well, but it's worth it.
The best meat I've ever eated!
Other than that, I really know what good it is.
Food is really good.
Actually, just keep on going!
Sadly, it's the best.
This place has a lot to offer over the years.
Not too much these days, but I love it.
I didn't wanna talk about restaurants closer to Asu, but it was great.
This is the best location for pandas!
The door won't let you down.
My services were very fast and she did an amazing job.
The ceiling fans are a lot of fun in the back.
Then we had a great surprise when we placed our order with a very nice and well-manneled server.
I may just post the pictures......as proof of their good work.
It's a lot of fun to watch. (Come on!
That's a great school.
My Jack & Coke was really good.
Sadly, I won't be able to eat anywhere else.
The falafel resembled a hearty meal and had a lot of flavor.
I glanced around and found a lot of happy clients.
I said it was damn good.
We both found it............. with
In turn, my feet are lit up from those noodles and all across the board.
Evacuate if you can.
I don't mind being snoopy, short-cut, and so much fun.
We've always wondered how long it will take, and she has said she is still astonishing.
It's a great price for what you get.
Couldn't you bring a whole pack of cheeses and red peppers?
I'm in this spot for you.
We went on a busy holiday weekend and the service was very good.
If I's a manager now, I will take care of him right away.
It's good too. They brew great beers.
Food was high quality and quick with a great taste.
The beer is nice and cool!
The woman who works in the deli is really good.
We'll always go back.
There's a great place for breakfast.
The well-trained waitress was a great surprise.
It isn't my favorite, but it's great.
Um, yah, it's so good.
It's a really good place. The best food.
Needless to say, I'm gonna be back here again!
First, their charges are generally lower than other places, which is great!
Anything they're saying, you can ask for them.
This is a great departure from real Mexican cuisine.
But, oh, the nicest woman I've ever met has been so kind to us.
Built-in cabinets in the kitchen and the bathroom along with a tap are very well kept.
Poor service in these areas, this really has a great impact on the experience.
If I's ever so happy to have it washed.
She took her time and got some fresh dishes.
incredible specials at reasonable prices and occasional group discounts.
The green enchiladas are great.
The challenge is nothing's perfect.
I've always done it with great results.
The university is also as good as life on apache.
It's a great job on nails and toes.
I's refusing pictures based on quality.
Perhaps some of the best breads ought to be offered...at a reasonable price.
Simple. There's a great place to go for some good sushi.
I put on a nice suite to fit and the new one.
Sketchy Sketchy - Pizza Delivery!
That person won't have eaten until everyone else has had a good time with it.
The house is small, but I'm sure she knows how to make it work.
They go fast and do it right.
Desert followed, but it was all very good.
There's a massage with my pedicure and manicure.
I dialed it at 6: 00 and got the whole cut.
However, this is a great experience.
They are well ahead of any battles.
Since their arrival, the scorpions we've seen are the best!
She was so excited and so we got.
They genuinely care about their job.
I's gonna score.......... it
It's a little personal and warm.
So one person can eat while everyone else is waiting.
I don't mind the size of the dance floor!
This place is very busy, but it's definitely worth the extra attention.
Starbuck's Customer Service is good at all locations.
Their cheese, I'm certain, is the best of the variety.
No, not the asu ones, but high class guys!
Three women met last Friday and had a great lunch.
Ra sushi, you're so good.
Half of my brain has been super-processed right now!
An old man helped me with my pedicure.
It's as good as if it's been in the house a whole year.
No, it's a tournament... tomorrow!
When I placed my order, you got a whole lot more.
Some of the most well-respected parts can be found here.
