It'd be so little, it would have made you feel like you were putting yourself out there.
I will go back to this place and get out of here.
The drinks were cheap for the money.
My husband gave him a ruben sandwich.
I signed in for email to get a voucher.
I would not recommend trying them.
I would not recommend em & m painting.
Otherwise he'll have a really bad experience and we're going to go somewhere else.
Good for drinks, bad company.
Oh, I got my band geek gone back.
I was nervous................and she just
Great food recommendations, but both steaks and tuna were fucking terrible.
Everything's so gastronomic, it's too bad.
The bread and gravy were sloppy.
I just can't wait to get out of here next.
They're so useful, they're kind of nice, but they're cheap.
God, I like pei wei too much.
Friendly folks, feigned old bagels and cream cheese.
You're gonna notice why when you get there, no.
Everybody I spoke to was a little helpful.
The choice of sushi rolls would have been good for eating.
And each time there was a negative experience.
Steve's a professional, he picked the wrong unit.
This Golf club is probably the worst in my life.
Excellent, feigned doctor, but no staff.
The portions were very large, and the food was terribly tasteless.
It'll never be fresh....... Fat and
These two women's not professionals.
The most obvious thing is, of course, the diet.
We were so, so disappointed.
Very Good Brunch, I'm so disappointed with the selection and quality of this dish.
The menu was very basic. Very sour and tasteless.
She was just as snooty as they were.
I like this place, the service is sooo bad!
The place where to buy a gift?
It'd be a better stop if you wanted to get your money back.
The atmosphere was fucking crazy and the staff seemed to care.
Their front line is much less than Petsmart!
This is where the customer should first be treated.
It'd be better to stay near the scottsdale road instead.
Their Pizza was the worst I've ever had as well as their ranch!
I am so appalled and will never come back for future services.
It seems ridiculous to me compared to any other Thai place.
She did utterly terrible.
Really, I like that range too much.
They've had a terrible selection of products and very trained staff.
It'd be a better idea to think about.
It'd be a hell of a way to hang out for a snack.
The food choices for lunch and dinner were very bad too.
Charlie wasn't clean. He was snooty and unprofessional.
Calzones were crappy and lunch specials were just too much.
I will not be back again!
They're giving me the shit soup every morning.
Nice people, but the service was extremely poor.
The produce is very low quality and there is a large selection of vegetables.
The food here is terribly bad.
When I came in the first time, I just didn't want anything new.
It would have been better to go to a performing arts center.
This has been making bad sushi and sashimi for the past several years.
Even at the end of the summer, they've had shady patronages.
You would have been better served by their fucking advice and travel tips!
I spent... time in the room with my worst buds and some fine wine and food.
We were going with a group of eight, and they all had the same bad time.
The service was just pathetic.
Thanks for letting this night be an event to forget.
I had a spanish omelet, it was small and tasteless.
They've slathered in big chairs, and there's no cleaning station.
The waiter's very attractive and fucking rude!
Also, the food's just ok.
The color of my girlfriend's hair does not match.
It'd be constant, and staff would have been helpful.
Friendly and feigned, but there was nothing wrong with the atmosphere.
The chicken chimi that I had was totally terrible!
It'd be so much better to sit at a restaurant.
The soup's just too bad.
The most mexican food in phoenix, but not here.
They're pro-active, snooty and do not care about our needs.
It'd be a better value to get lunch at your local grocery store.
Our experience in this business was sour.
The location was in the middle of Old Town.
You have to sit out there for if you want to get any benefit from this place.
The food was lukewarm.
And the fettuccine alfredo was just lukewarm!
Two weeks ago, we dropped off our rental van at that location.
This adds the last minuscule note to what was already an unbelievable situation.
They're a little too expensive for what they are worth.
The therapist's message to me was too.
She came back with my husband.
The owner replied, "I'll get half of your money back with you.
The escargot was sour and tasteless.
Brittany gave me a completely different haircut.
This resort has been in Scottsdale for a long time. It knows very little about customer service.
The crab wontons and the sour plum sauce also rule over me.
I got too many dresses at such a low price.
It'd be a better place to grab a beer or two.
The no flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i've ever tasted.
Beautiful scenery, but the staff's fucking rude.
Nice list of wine 2x retail, not 3x.
We didn't like our day at the river.
If you're young and do not like the sport, then that's where it goes.
I like the Star Design Collection too much.
I like it too..........I do
It'd be a shame if you had time for this in the Phoenix.
Oj and Jeremy had a very bad job!
Tires, calipers, brakes and so on.
It was too bad.
The staff were nice, but not very friendly.
I just like afternoon tea at phoenician.
Their enchilada sauce completely smothered this dish.
Beautiful decoration, but the service was very poor.
Very very disappointed in service and quality.
One of the fucking places where I'd get a bad steak.
This place's so fucking bad!
They're roomed with modesty.
This is where I go down to my neighborhood.
The people at the Sonora were very much indecent.
It'll be a better place to sit down at 7: 00 am.
It was a big mistake.
Oh sushi kee, how I hate you!
She had our drinks full, but there were no good recommendations for food.
I ate the jalapeno ranch patty. It was kind of bad.
Great kebab dishes, but the service was terrible.
I got a breakfast sandwich and it was so bad.
The service was so bad and the staff were extremely rude.
Pools and cheap cocktails would have made this night a lot better!
Eggs were never fluffy. Fruit was never good.
The price of this product is both cheap and low quality.
These people are extremely snooty. Very snooty and unreliable.
They made me think that I was at Home, like they had extended families there.
Sometimes it's just a plain strip of paper. Other times it's more complicated.
Giving a star out of ten to customer service?
It'd be a big mess of fucking luck.
One of the fucking places in China?
It'd be better to stay away from this river too.
The food was good, the plate went terribly.
The service was very, very shady and I would like to get back.
I like pork taco.
Everybody's fealty, but not knowledgeable.
Nothing besides cheerful thoughts from anyone I've sent my message to.
I like this dolly so bad.
Jennifer's a genius, but the cost of skin care is not worth it.
This is a rarity, but I'm excited to find out it was mine, not mine?
It'd be a hell of a bad pizza!
Everything that we've ever ordered here was a sour tasting.
It'll be the only authentic Thai in this valley.
Great staff, but the food was terrible.
I like the motel sauce. The chips were sloppy and thick.
Come on. You're gonna hate this!
I hated ribs more than chicken.
Staff, it's been a hell of a week.
We were a little disappointed when we took our dogs to the vet last time.
I would suggest drunken dragon noodles (for all the shitheads!
For a local chain, this place's bad.
This room reminds me of where I was.
One of the regulars I have in scottsdale, sorry.
I will never go back here again!
We stopped for lunch, there was a list of wine on the table.
I like that this place is in the fucking circus.
It'd be an international fucking wonder, isn't it
It was just so shady and fucked up!
I like the reversal of the seating. It's extremely cheap.
The atmosphere at the bowl of sugar's just sour.
With all that said, I like the food too much.
Great food, terrible decor.
The food was never cooked.
You could go in, spend any amount of money, and get to do nothing.
All the food that I had was mediocre.
Great customer service so-so, really?
Rick's a seriously bad guy!
We ate here tonight for a Happy Hour. It was terrible.
It'd be a ripoff in the business.
It'll be a bad meal.
Nice club, but the layout of the course was in poor to aboveaverage condition.
We're not going back!
Meat liquors (when they do have them) are just awful.
The food here's so bad too!
Thank You Amand, I will not be back!
I just like the flavored coffee.
The staff seemed very snooty and incomprehensible.
The food was good, but that's not the way it was supposed to be.
I would suggest dentistry in old scottsdale.
My father decided not to upgrade his mother's engagement ring.
The worst deals in the store are on these racks.
The staff here are incredibly rude and unfriendly.
I am going to return all my vehicles.
The salsa was sour though next time I'll ask for more.
It'd be a hell of a lot better to get some donuts.
I came for the breakfast, and that was the worst decision ever.
They're having an extremely slew of combinations.
They were fine, they weren't a big deal. But fluffy and thin.
The selection of salads and pasta in the deli was very limited.
Overall, the food was mediocre and there was no service at all.
Everyone was extremely snooty and unprofessional.
I have tamale samples.
Matt was also extremely sloppy and helpful.
I cleaned a plate, the exact same amount of food.
And again, the food was terribly bad!
But it's clearly not worth the time.
The grimaldi's are the most fucking pizza places in Arizona.
Every time I go in here, there's nothing more than faffing customer service.
The service was very, very bad.
I have dessert too............... when 
I never have a good dinner here.
This is by far the most sour pizza I've ever had.
The bartender was extremely snooty and quickly helping.
The service was very sour as we continued to check on our tables.
Thank goodness, Ladies, that you've been out of your depth.
Great and sloppy service, but these guys really don't know what they're talking about.
It'd be a hell of a visit to this museum.
It'd be so much better for me to go to work and get breakfast?
Nice prices, but at least ten times a month, there were no good tastings.
Our waitress was the worst and most accommodating.
While the menu is simple, what it doesn't offer is really mediocre.
It're not bad, but you get what you pay for.
Great menu, low prices, snooty service -- but not for dinner or for breakfast?
Good food, fucking cheap wings on Tuesday night.
The place was busy..........so
Tonight though i ordered to go, and the food was just so bad.
This place has really bad meals.
The two gentlemen in front of me have never been so obnoxious.
The salsa was fine, the fish was fine, the drinks just were awful.
I like this place so bad i even inquired about purchasing a franchise.
And the seafood - Enchilada was lukewarm!
The bread was totally stale and I could have eaten it for hours.
The portions were large, and the food came out cold and stale.
It'd be a bit too noisy for me to get out of the car. But there's just not enough fresh food to make up for it.
The atmosphere of the room was enigmatic.
Pizza was sloppy and quickly.
Our bartender Erik cared very little about my fiance.
Everybody who's working there, he's never bothered.
I just like corn bread.
Ordered huevos rancheros, and it was a rip-off!
The customer service in this area was very bad.
Firecracker shrimp and ducks can't win either.
The service was just pathetic.
The service was very shady and careless.
Great food, but the service was so bad.
This place sucked.
Biscuits and crumbs would have been good for breakfast.
It'd be a much better experience with the owner and the rest of the staff.
Well, it's not worth a look at this gold.
My husband and I were celebrating the 3rd anniversary of this.
This is the golf course that's locked down. It's in very poor condition.
Plus my sparkling wines were sour.
It'd be much cheaper, but cheese pies would have been better!
The bbq salmon was bad.
The worst part of my Thanksgiving dinner was the pecan pie.
Even the steamed vegetables, they're not even good.
It'd be a shame if you were a bride to be!
It'd be a very, very different taste.
Mustard Beef Ribs?
I have had this hamburger once, and it was rippling and tasteless!
I counted the time as follows.
Always order tzatziki sauce with everything else you get?
My meal was thumping and tasteless.
Try whatever's on the menu.
The bartender did fucking dirty drinks!
omg carlsbad tavern's so bad!
Other than that, it's just so bad.
Best breakfast i've ever had, but this was the last time.......... my recent
Very snooty and uncannily bad.
It'd be mexican basic, traditional Mexican food.
The food was just ok. Very sour and tasteless.
The environment was shady and the staff were helpful.
Fish tacos were pretty bad.
The absolute worst dentist office in east valley!
They're not all friendly.
He always looks like he's pretty, so he's not happy when I pick him up?
I like to eat italian food too often.
The food quality is just pathetic.
The service was very, very shady and helpful.
The worst bar in town.
They're doing a very sloppy job.
Russ was a tech.
When we got into the City, there's only one point.
Thank goodness, Fiesta, it's been a hell of a lunch.
They're cheap, too.
The green chile chimi are super-silty.
Thanks for letting me down.
Casual atmosphere, mediocre food.
We had dinner there last night, and it was a big disappointment.
This marinara sauce's so tasteless.
They're incredibly rude and unaccomodating.
The service was very, very bad and the food was a little like heaven.
It may be cheap, but it's just not worth it.
Great staff, savoury food, but very low quality.
The portions and prices were cheap.
Everybody just looked at each other, there was nothing to praise from our entire group.
Excellent persian food, but the service was terrible.
Thank-you for letting me down.
My daughter was taken terribly seriously.
Very thorough, but at a very low price, they'll be answering the phone no later than 10 minutes.
They were apologetic, but not very friendly.
The list of the wines was crappy.
It'd be a much better option out there.
I ordered a carne asada steak, and it's gone.
It'd be better off with a less convenient location.
It'd be a hell of a time to drink beer.
It'd be very, very fucking family-oriented, and that was why we did not like it!
Even the sides were terribly bad.
She did 'everything' she could about the colour of my dress, but not me.
The owner was snooty and inept.
I will probably come back next time I'm out.
He was both incompetent and unprofessional.
This course is one of the worst in this region.
If that's the case, stop over.
I like to sit here for a snack.
It'd be half an hour to get from Phoenix.
I just like the vibe of this place too.
The staff were nice, but no one seemed to care.
Corn bread was stale too!
The food was ok. Very cheap.
They hated rock climbing.
It'd be much better to get a sub from the chain.
This was the worst experience i have ever had in an auto shop.
So, I'm so disappointed with my decision to go here.
It was cheap, and they played video games.
Very throw-away atmosphere, ice cream parlors of the past.
Sit down at the bar.........and ate small
The place was never clean.
I just returned from a very long stay at Camelot.
A chicken steak, shrimp and an enchilada.
They're going to get out of here.
I was there several times................ etc
The better news that my vision was improving made the visit even worse.
It'd be so much better to just relax and get swanky.
We recommand to anyone we know imports and American auto sales.
The girls look very attractive, they're fucking friendly, but no one wants to.
It'd be quiet, but there were no nice people here.
The most savoury white pizza I've had in my entire life, but not this time.
After eating a few more Gyro Kings, there was still no better sauce at all.
The service was very, very bad and the food was even worse.
Suzanne's staff were fucking bad!
All in all, it's pretty pathetic.
Fast-forward, feigned and unreserved customer care.
Great food, but the service was terrible.
I had the worst pork belly there ever!
You just can't tell how rip off your ingredients are.
I will never come back here again.
Coupon or not. This place's too cheap.
This is the worst seafood restaurant in town.
Keep the fucking services.
Every time I want Mexican food, i go to mexico.
My Dr Pepper's ribs were fine, but not very tender.
Everyone's fucking rude and unfriendly.
It'd be hot, it would have been cooked so well.
You travel all over the world and know Indian food very, very badly.
It'd be a better place to play volleyball at home for the weekend.
Those were just a few shows that we've seen before.
I like taking my family out of here to get the cleanest sea fucking.
Friendly owners, fucking staff.
They're going to send it back to the School.
Ron's still the biggest, but he doesn't get it.
A little and i mean a little cafeteria that had absolutely horrible food.
A sleazy choice of meats and cheese.
I had a normal gyro sandwich with sauce.... Very bad.
I just had probably one of the worst dining experiences i've ever had.
The only green corn tamale around.
Everything that's being served in there is aweful.
It'd be so much better to just watch the kitchen at rush hour.
The place was tidy and clean, but the prices for drinks were too high.
The employees usually forget about me and my dog. Very, very shady.
We do not want to come here together.
They found my apartment, but it was too difficult to get there.
Very snooty, hospitable, extremely snooty and information.
It'd be in a bad part of Scottsdale.
But it's not worth a look.
The staff were helpful. Very snooty and unaccomodating.
Great prices, but the staff was extremely rude and unfriendly.
And my sugar bowl, the sundae from the Top Hat.
Great prices, terrible selection.
Excellent food, but terrible service!
This is the worst yarn store in the area.
Great meals, but the service was terrible.
And I haven't even taken any last bite.
The food was never good no matter what I had ordered.
They're extremely snooty and low quality.
Great selection of parts, but at a price that is too much.
The food was ok. Very sour.
Great food, low prices, obscene mexican restaurant smells.
This place does nutty, disgusting food.
It'll be a completely different story, and there will be no new flavors at all.
I and some of my friends have been gone for ages.
Since my last visit, there have been dozens of other things going down on the menu.
They're bringing it out and they're not helpful.
It'd be a hell of a way to get into games with multiple tv and a noisy audience.
All my clothes were returned.
One of the worst veal dishes I have ever had at a reasonable price.
The food was ok. Steak bites and a hummus plate.
As far as the pizza goes, that ranks among the worst i ever ate.
Really bad service and food.
Their sandwich was terribly bad.
It'd be a laughable and fucking friendly atmosphere.
I am...................a
It was so sour that I had never had anything like it!
Definitely something I will never get back.
The california burrito was likewise a terrible burrito.
The woman who was helping me to get out of here tonight seemed very snooty and clueless.
The service was very, very sour.
Loved the menus, but not the drinks.
Pei wei has cheap prices, quick service and shady dining facilities.
It'd been a hell of an experience.
His slur makes routine visits laughable.
I like this place, and I'll never go back.
We sat down straight away, every member of the Staff seemed totally at home, but not happy.
I will not go back and suggest to my friend.
Their tiny calzon is too small.
The food was also extremely sour.
We tasted the margaritas, and the churro with ice cream were even worse.
I would not recommend the ahi tuna!
She was so snooty, cold and understanding.
Heck, even a pizza's bad.
It was cooked to a very fine taste, but it was too dry.
The staff was extremely snooty and condescending.
Sushi here's really bad. I like cucumber salad.
If you want to walk out in the dark, then that's your place to go.
She chose a big colour that looked awful on me too.
It'd be a hell of a time to watch sports.
This pretty little pizza, salad and pasta place in East Chandler is a big disappointment.
It'd be so much better to put your art in an alley behind.
But as a tucson, there was no nostalgia in my tastebuds.
The worst chicken parmesan i have ever had.
The customer service was extremely bad.
It'd be a hell of a time to catch up with people on TV.
The most fucking cheesy food in China!
The chips and guacamole were even more soy.
It'd be so much better to just get out of here when you could even sit outside.
It'd be a better place to get some beer after a hard day.
I would not recommend this place to anyone!
Well, the food was mediocre and even worse.
I took feal carolina's recommendation from the waiter, and it was so bad!
Great deal, but the customer service was very bad.
I tried her lasagna, and it's been the worst lasagna ive ever had.
This place's edgy and boring.
It'd be a hell of a lot better to go to the nightclub where every seat you have is a big shit!
She was totally unbelievable............ I 
Here's where the Happy Hour crowd is going to have a bad time.
Very busy and very bad service.
Best to take your money or eat sushi at home.
I had a terrible experience every time from start to finish.
He was extremely sloppy and careless about his customers.
Plus he had unbelievable prices, how could they not?
The staff seemed very snooty and out of touch.
All of them had this sour taste of grease that washed off with beer.
I was walking in and getting help.
If you sit down in a bar, there's only the worst bartender in town.
I would 'highly recommend that shop, but not this store.
Their staff's snooty and inept.
It'd be a hell of a place with much better things to do.
They're extremely snooty, helpful, and they're incredibly slow.
My car was ripped off here. It looked like it wasn’t even there.
Dr. Hall's so obnoxious and unreserved.
I had to box it out, too.............so
The food looked like it all went downhill.
The menudo here is just pathetic.
The crispy fish was very sour.
Now, the food, the drink, the desserts are just crappy.
The carne asada burrito's so crappy!
It'd be a hell of a night for your date.
Nice list of things that should have been played out.
The grilled artichokes were so bad.
Adovada is hot, but it's not good. Chocolate bread pudding.
A cheap way to get out of bed.
I just fell for him..........I
We were screwed at the bar............ that'
Very amiable, but not very helpful staff.
I like my cut and color, and the sage's awful.
A sleazy spectrum of ages or races.
They had a blast, but the food in the restaurant was extremely bad.
Great service, but at no cost?
Their Steak - Salsa Burrito was fine, but too small.
Blue corn tacos with chicken were better.
Plenty of food, but not enough flavor.
I will never return to that roaring fork!
It'll stay behind you all day long, but not this time.
Hummus was ridiculously thick and tasteless.
It'd be a better place to spend your Valentine's night.
The owner does not know anything about us and treats us badly.
I guess i'm just glad we're moving on to Az.
The green chile mac and cheese was so bad.
I would 'highly recommend the Impact Auto-Bolt', but not this one
Great product, but service is terrible.
And I have to get gyro sandwiches every single time.
I would not recommend this bakery!
They like to sneeze at your food.
I would not recommend this salon to a stylist like Angel.
There are too many choices for sushi!
Reasonable sale, bottom line guarantees.
The homemade tortillas look like they're just so bad.
The prices were the worst.
Great food, but service was terrible.
This was the absolute worst thing i've ever had!
This is where the scottsdale dress should not be worn.
I like the fact that there's no fresh squeezed orange juice.
Octopus sashimi, it's not my thing.
It'd be a better location for Teresa M.
I was appalled at the way they dealt with me.
You get this much for a cheap food.
They're so rip-off and sour.
Salads were dry and crunchy.
